welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're going to brace
ourselves as we take revenge in the 2010
film i saw the devil
for more content that makes you feel
uncomfortable in your own skin
subscribe to the channel let's get to it
we open on a van driving slowly in the
snow passing a young woman waiting for a
toe
he offers to take a look she happens to
be on the phone with her special agent
fiance who advises her to lock up and
wait for the tow truck so she thanks the
kindly stranger for the effort and he
reciprocates this gratitude by waiting
with her outside
and then aggressively inside the vehicle
he hammers her into submission and then
drags her off she wakes up later in a
bag and finds her assailant
dressed in a manner that may indicate
that he has some sort of idea
what she may or may not have been up to
last summer
she makes a final plea but he is
uncaring and begins the gruesome
dismemberment
what a young lad finds a bag of
miscellaneous body parts in the field a
massive search of the area ensues in
which we learn the old chief was her
father
also the image of her head rolling along
the ground is forever seared into her
fiance
suhian's brain through the mourning
process we see suhin filled with
desperate anger
seeking forgiveness for both his absence
and her time of need and for his
subsequent plans for brutal justice
before embarking on this journey he
takes a leave of absence and borrows a
gps location device before heading to
the chief's house to pick up a copy of
the case file with information on the
four main suspects the first two are
found and dispatched easily enough
and even through genital mutilation and
other harms neither admit to the act
the third one though is a little more
slippery his only address is his parents
house
sue he poses as an insurance agent
hoping to draw out some info
but kyung shul's parents are a bit too
cagey and they know he would never care
enough about the family he abandoned to
take out an insurance policy
however his son does know where his dad
hangs out and is willing to tell due to
his ongoing bitterness soohyun soon
visits and finds an abundance of
evidence of his nefarious deeds
to remove any final doubt he also
retrieves his engagement ring from a
secret murder room
we then see that by day kyung shul is a
mild-mannered school shuttle driver
taking the kids where they need to go
the police arrived to have him called in
given the string of assaults on their
suspects but he was just getting into
some alone time with a young student
and when the wings come on he's off
company time he's preparing his assault
and murder plans in a greenhouse among
the exotic botany but is interrupted by
the whisper of his name
he comes out and the two predators have
a moment to size each other up
then they go at it but berserker rage is
unable to come out on top against
technical precision and agility su hyun
ends up putting on a clinic in how to
inject violence into another man's body
although only to a point a distant point
but no further
after having a remote gps microphone
capsule crammed down his gullet
kyungshuo wakes up in his pit with an
envelope of money which is just
too rich for him he ditches his van and
manages to find a taxi with a fear
that's willing to ride share he quickly
recognizes this is a robbery cap
but being a wolf he sees it as nothing
more than a den of sheep and soon has
the interior
absolutely drenched in blood he uses
stolen clothes from the trunk as a
disguise to pass off his injuries as
sports related after getting patched up
he's feeling awfully spry
and he takes to making the front office
nurse uncomfortable he circles around
after leaving to confront her in a back
room where he's interrupted again by su
hyun who hits him with some hardcore
poetry before severing his achilles
tendon
after being treated and dumped kyungsu
is on to the fact that he's being
tracked
somehow he drives into the night
resolving to do better at their next
encounter he arrives at a hotel under
the control of a couple of fellow sickos
one of whom partakes freely
in human flesh he confers with them on
his situation and they delight in the
idea that kyung shul created his own
monster
later his host goes to prepare his next
meal but is startled by a silent visitor
now in full hunt instinct mode
kyung-shul senses his arrival so when
sue hyun is preparing some ironic
justice
he pops in to even the odds with his
shotgun this forces suhyun to dip out
and circle back to the upper floor where
he arms himself the secondaries get
their licks in but he makes them pay for
it then he tosses out some fish hooks
regaining the upper ground
from which he beats his victims
senseless in the aftermath we come to
see
all of this is just an attempt to
understand he manages to make it out but
this larger event has attracted the
police and puts them firmly on his trail
meanwhile as he gets treatment for his
wounds his num-nut's buddy let's slipped
at the geotrackers deep inside
kyung-shul's bowels
so upon release he hits the pharmacy for
some diuretics
then he reveals into the mic that su
hyun's fiance was pregnant before vowing
revenge
upon finding a public restroom he
forcibly ejects the device from his back
mouth
and then disgustingly inserts into some
poor young chap's front mouth after
finding some transportation kyung shul
calls police to notify them he's running
some errands and then will be turning
himself in
he visits the old chief's home to
administer a beatdown that he hopes
suhyun will feel and he leaves with the
chief's other daughter the scene is
secured and kyungshuo calls the
inspector to speak with su hyun and
taunts him before going to the
pre-described location where he intends
to turn himself in but suhyun is there
and he pulls a jackie chan so he can
make off with their prize without
missing a beat and now
is when things get raw my friends suhyun
gives kyungshuo the opportunity to
repent but he feels no fear nor remorse
realizing there's nothing left to take
soohyun leaves him in a precarious
position in which
if he fails to keep the door closed with
his chompers he'll die brutally in full
view of his family
which he does suhyun then walks away
maybe having gotten what he needed
what website why yes i do have one go
check it out to find out how you can
support the channel
and a huge thanks to my donators
memorialized in the hall of head shots
i saw the devil is a brutal and
compelling tale of revenge
and its consequences while the events
depicted could be shrugged off as
unnecessarily gory the film exhibits a
level of artistry and storytelling that
raises it above mere torture for shock
value if you enjoyed the video i'd love
for you to become a part of the channel
by subscribing
thanks for watching